Today, Trump was
in South Korea,
where he was dismayed to learn
that the hot Demon Hunter babes
are, in fact, not real people.
But don't worry.
He's still got a warm welcome.
And the South
Koreans even honored
our rich American heritage.
REPORTER: Overnight,
President Trump,
touching down in South
Korea, greeted
with the "YMCA" on the tarmac.
[BAND PLAYING "YMCA"]
Unbelievable.
The Village People
must be so proud
that their song
became America's
official presidential anthem.
To think when they
wrote it, they just
wanted to make a jaunty
tune about getting
railed at the gym.
[LAUGHTER]
[CHEERING, APPLAUSE]
Who knew?
But this is how it's been
at every stop on the trip.
Trump arrives.
They throw a big party for him.
Then they immediately try to
buy his affection with gifts.
So South Korea,
what do you got?
REPORTER: Korean President
Lee lavishing Trump
with gifts, including
a replica of a golden crown.
We present this
gold crown to you
on this joyous occasion of
your state visit to Gyeongju.
Thank you very
much, everybody.
I appreciate it.
Wow!
A golden crown!
What a lovely, thoughtful
gift for our president.
South Korea, can I just talk
to you over here real quick.
Hey!
South Korea!
What the [BLEEP] are you doing?
[LAUGHTER]
[APPLAUSE]
Seriously All right, we have
been trying real hard over here
to gently steer our president
away from the whole king thing.
And then you come along
all, hey, President Trump,
check out this cool crown.
Try it on.
Take it home with you.
Not helping!
Please, just give
him a sack of money
like a normal country
and stop [BLEEP] up our shit.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]
Everything's great.
We were just having
a little chat.
Anyway, while Trump is
collecting more items
for his dress-up
bin, back at home,
the government shutdown
has stretched to day
29, or what we think is 29.
The guy who counts the days
has been furloughed.
Now, so far, many
Americans have
been insulated from the worst
effects of the shutdown.
The airports are
mostly still running.
Social Security checks
are still going out.
And the FBI will
still kick down
your door if you even think
about copying a VHS tape.
But two days from
now, a lot of people
are about to feel
the shutdown in a big way.
REPORTER: SNAP food assistance,
a lifeline for roughly
42 million, now set
to run out of money
by the end of the week.
REPORTER: Food banks, already
stretched to the limit,
are seeing even longer lines.
REPORTER: A food crisis,
some experts say,
could be the worst since the
Great Depression, all because
of the government shutdown.
Come on.
Are you serious?
On top of everything
Americans are dealing with,
now people might
lose their food?
Not food!
That's our favorite
thing to stress eat.
But OK, no need to worry.
We have a whole
government whose job it
is to keep its citizens fed.
I'm sure there's something
they can do at this point.
There's-- you
know, there's nothing
we can do at this point.
Trump has done all
he can to minimize it,
but there's nothing
else he can do.
The Trump administration
has done its best
to try to minimize
these hardships,
but ultimately, it starts
to run out of funds
and run up against
the bounds of law.
And there's really
nothing more they can do.
This is a national
safety net,
and you're talking
about it like it's
a return after 30 days.
Oh, sorry the pants
gave you a camel toe.
There's nothing we can do.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]
So according to the Trump
administration the only way
to keep SNAP funded is for
Democrats to end the shutdown.
And sure, I get why they
want people to think that.
But what's interesting is that
when the Trump administration
needed to find funding
to pay the troops,
they shifted money
around and they found it.
Hell, they even
got help from one
of their billionaire friends.
REPORTER: The New York Times
reports reclusive billionaire
Timothy Mellon gave
the government $130 million
to help pay troops
during the shutdown.
Our military
has a sugar daddy?
I swear, ever since
Epstein Island shut down,
billionaires do not know
how to spend their cash.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]
However, they do
it, it's very clear
that when our leaders
want to fund
the things that
they care about,
they find ways to fund it.
So I'm sure the secretary
of agriculture
has some ideas about how
Americans can feed-- how
America can feed its citizens.
I don't want to speak
on behalf of my boss,
but if George Soros
wants to step up and
write a $9.2 billion check
to keep those benefits moving
for this--
for the month of November, I
am guessing that that would
definitely be on the table.
Oh, come on.
Are you serious?
George Soros?
The guy's already
footing the bill
for all the paid protesters.
[APPLAUSE]
Come on.
Look, dinosaur
costumes are not cheap.
So once again,
our lawmakers are
coming together to say
that they can't come
together to fix our problems.
And as always, it's
up to everyday people
to step in and fill the void.
REPORTER: A New
Jersey food bank
delivering four tractor
trailer loads of food
to workers at Newark who are
not getting paid this week.
REPORTER: Landing
in Washington,
DC, World Central Kitchen,
Jose Andres's food charity.
Often deployed to war zones
and natural disasters,
it provided free meals for
furloughed federal employees.
REPORTER: Now some have
resorted to unconventional
methods to help, like TikTok
influencer Kelsey Martin taking
advantage of Halloween,
putting out nonperishable goods
like ramen
and microwavable meals
for trick-or-treaters in need.
Wow.
It really is inspiring
to see people
stepping up to help their
neighbors in a time of need.
This-- this is what
we need more of.
That said, if I was a kid
going trick or treating
and you hand me
a cup of noodles,
I will egg your [BLEEP] house.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]
For more on the fallout over
the government shutdown,
let's go live to our very
own Michael Kosta.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]
Michael, this is
very concerning
that so many Americans can't
count on their government.
Well, Desi,
our government may not
be able to provide basic
services, but what we do
have is a massive reserve
of reclusive billionaires,
which is good news.
In fact, right now I'm
in the subterranean castle
of Thomas B. Witherbottom.
He's the heir
to a railroad fortune,
and this is the only photo
of him ever recorded.
No one knows why, but we
believe it's because he's ugly.
Anyway, he's agreed
to donate $120 million
to help feed Americans in need.
Oh, well, that's very kind of
him to pay for all that food.
Yes, specifically chowder.
He says it has to be chowder.
And thanks to Mr.
Witherbottom, Americans
can enjoy all
the chowder we want,
as long as he's
allowed to watch us
eat it with a spoon that's
too big for our mouths
so it spills
on our bare chests.
He gets to watch us eat?
No, no, he has
to watch us eat.
The slurping sounds
calm him and appease him
Mr. Witherbottom is
as generous as he
is a freaky, rich, hermit man.
OK, even if I was OK with
this-- and I chowder girled
a little bit through college.
But it doesn't really
solve the problem.
We have a lot
of government programs
that need to be funded.
Yeah, and we got a lot
of freaky, little billionaire
boys, like Thaddeus
P. Wormwell, heir
to the whale blubber
and baby powder fortune.
I met with him in his
pleasure zeppelin
soaring over the Himalayas.
He's committed 500
million to fund
the national parks
so he can hunt
the park rangers for sport.
Jesus, Kosta, I
want the parks open,
but not if it lets some
weird billionaire hunt
and kill the staff.
Desi, please.
The thrill comes from
the hunt, not the killing.
Mr. Wormwell assures me it's
a catch-and-release situation,
from when father
took him on fox hunts
at Blickenstaff Manor, on that
cold winter, when he first
learned that the dark
thirst within him
yearned for prey that
would squeal, not wither.
What?
I said he's
offering free dental.
Michael--
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]
Michael, is this really
what America has come to?
I don't want
our public services
paid for by deranged
billionaires
demanding something in return.
Desi, don't be so cynical.
Our billionaires have America's
best interests at heart.
So they'll pay for IRS agents
to collect taxes or the EPA
to regulate their businesses?
Well, sort of.
But I did get word from
another billionaire,
Dr. Atticus Von D.
Yoreandshire Witzenberg.
He's the heir to the Swiffer
Wetjet fortune.
What the [BLEEP] is that?
Is that him?
Oh, yeah, he's super inbred.
Anyway, we were
talking on his luxury
Winnebago that orbits the sun.
He won't pay for taxes
or regulation,
but he will give the American
people two-for-one coupons
on Swiffer Wetjet refills.
And all he asks
for in return is
that we play barefoot soccer,
where he's the soccer ball.
No, I'm not doing that.
Well, I know what you're
thinking, but it's not that.
He just wants to eat our dead
foot skin as we kick him.
No, I'm not doing that.
Well, I know what you're
thinking, but it's not that.
It's sexual.
No, I'm not doing that.
Jesus Christ.
Michael Kosta, everyone.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]
When we come back,
Charlamagne Tha God
will give us his opinions.
So don't go away.
[APPLAUSE, CHEERING]